New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to meet members of the all-party delegations who have travelled across the globe to present India’s position following the Pahalgam terror attack and Operation Sindoor. According to a CNN-News18 report, the meeting is likely to be held in Delhi around June 9 or 10. The delegations are expected to brief the Prime Minister on key diplomatic conversations, international reactions, and feedback gathered during their outreach. As part of a major diplomatic offensive to counter terrorism narratives, seven delegations comprising a total of 59 individuals — 31 from the ruling NDA and 20 from opposition and regional parties — were sent to 33 world capitals. The teams included Members of Parliament, senior political figures and former diplomats, aimed at lending credibility and depth to India’s messaging abroad. The delegations were led by: One of the strongest statements of solidarity came from Saudi Arabia, where the Indian delegation met Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Adel Al-Jubeir. The Indian Embassy in Riyadh posted on X, “The delegation appreciated Saudi stand against terrorism and underscored India’s strong position, including its zero-tolerance and ‘new normal’ approach toward terrorism.” Delegation head Baijayant Panda described the talks as “meaningful” and later wrote, “India and Saudi Arabia share a dynamic partnership rooted in trust, shared interests, and a growing strategic bond.” Across the board, the delegations received encouraging responses. Italy suggested deeper bilateral ties, while Indonesia pledged to support India’s anti-terror stance on all global platforms. South Africa appreciated India’s consistent zero-tolerance policy. France reaffirmed its continued solidarity with India in the global fight against terrorism. The Baijayant Panda-led team, which toured Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Algeria, is expected to return to India on Tuesday (June 3, 2025) at around 8:30 AM. Click for more latest India news. Also get top headlines and latest news from India and around the world at News9. Rajeshwari is a news junkie and passionate environmentalist who writes about climate change, wildlife, geopolitics, and their fascinating intersections. When not crafting thought-provoking pieces, she enjoys immersing herself in soulful music with a book in hand, driven by curiosity and love for the planet.