My Account Follow us on: Powered By  See the top gainers, losers, invest and get updated what's happening in the crypto market Invest Now Powered By  This functionality will provide users with ease of access navigation and enable create a new revenue line by generating leads of potential customers for brokers in a more integrated manner. Invest Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold a meeting of Council of Ministers on June 4. This is the first such meeting after Operation Sindoor, in which India struck nine terror camps in Pakistan and Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK). External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar is likely to make a presentation in the meeting on Operation Sindoor - one of India's largest military operations in decades - reported News18 citing sources. On May 7, the Indian armed forces on Wednesday launched "Operation Sindoor", hitting terrorist infrastructure in Pakistan as well as Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) in response to the deadly Pahalgam attack which claimed 26 lives on April 22. During his address to the nation for the first time since Operation Sindoor on May 12, the Prime Minister said that Indian armed forces struck "at the heart of Pakistan" in response to Pakistan-based terrorists wiping the 'Sindoor' off the foreheads of our daughters. Further Modi said  that the Operation Sindoor is now India's new normal in its policy on terror and that the nation is not going to take Pakistan's protection to terrorist organisations under the garb of its nuclear bluff.
                               Discover the latest Business News, Budget 2025 News, Sensex, and Nifty updates. Obtain Personal Finance insights, tax queries, and expert opinions on Moneycontrol or download the Moneycontrol App to stay updated!
             Sensex Today Russia Ukraine war Covid cases in India India News Live Gukesh Assam Rains Spider Web attack Mohamed Soliman Shashi Tharoor Plus One Result 2025  Business Markets Stocks India News City News Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO News Startups  Home Currencies Commodities Pre-Market IPO Global Market Bonds  Home Loans up to 50 Lakhs Credit Cards Lifetime Free Finance TrackerNew Fixed Deposits Fixed Deposit Comparison Fixed Income  Home MC 30 Top Ranked Funds ETFs Mutual Fund Screener  Income Tax Calculator EMI Calculator Retirement Planning Gratuity Calculator  Stock Markets  News18 Firstpost CNBC TV18 News18 Hindi Cricketnext Overdrive Topper Learning  About Us Contact Us Advisory Alert Advertise with Us SupportDisclaimer Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Financial Terms (Glossary) Sitemap Investors  Copyright © Network18 Media & Investments Limited. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. You are already a Moneycontrol Pro user.