Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to meet members of the all-party delegation that has been engaging with the international community to convey India’s message post the Pahalgam terror attack and Operation Sindoor. Sources told CNN-News18 that the meeting is expected to take place in Delhi around June 9 or 10, where the delegations are likely to brief the Prime Minister on their global outreach efforts, key interactions, and responses received from various countries. As part of its initiative to garner global backing for India’s fight against terrorism, the BJP-led government tasked seven multi-party delegations to visit 33 global capitals to carry forth India’s message. Each delegation comprised Members of Parliament from various political parties, senior political figures, and experienced diplomats. The seven delegations were led by the following MPs:   Also Read: PM Modi To Hold First Post-Op Sindoor Meeting Of Council Of Ministers This Week The seven delegations included a total of 59 members, featuring 31 political leaders from the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) and 20 representatives from other political parties. Former diplomats also accompanied and supported the delegations in their outreach efforts.   Saudi Arabia expressed strong support for India’s fight against terrorism originating from Pakistan, while Italy proposed enhancing bilateral cooperation and Indonesia pledged to back New Delhi’s stance against terrorism at all possible international platforms. India’s zero-tolerance approach to terrorism was also commended in South Africa, and France reaffirmed its solidarity with New Delhi in combating the global threat. During their visit to Saudi Arabia, the all-party delegation met with Adel Al-Jubeir, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, and acknowledged Riyadh’s firm position against terrorism. The Indian Embassy in Riyadh, in a post on X, said the delegation “appreciated Saudi stand against terrorism and underscored India’s strong position, including its zero-tolerance and ‘new normal’ approach toward terrorism." Delegation leader Baijayant Jay Panda described the meeting as “meaningful," noting on X that “India and Saudi Arabia share a dynamic partnership rooted in trust, shared interests, and a growing strategic bond." Panda led the eight-member group to Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, and Algeria. Swipe Left For Next Video Sources told CNN-News18 that the Panda-led delegation is set to return to India from Algeria tomorrow morning, with their arrival scheduled for 8:30 AM. They added that the all-party delegation will meet External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar at 1 pm in New Delhi’s South Block. Latest Blogs