My Account Follow us on: Powered By  See the top gainers, losers, invest and get updated what's happening in the crypto market Invest Now Powered By  This functionality will provide users with ease of access navigation and enable create a new revenue line by generating leads of potential customers for brokers in a more integrated manner. Invest Now Fresh visuals have emerged showing terrorist outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) members resuming Friday prayers at its Muridke headquarters which was struck by India during Operation Sindoor. According to a report by News18, a small group of cadres, believed to be local residents or administrative workers, were seen gathered in what remains of the prayer hall. Intelligence sources told News18 that it is the same hall where LeT founder Hafiz Saeed, his brother-in-law Abdul Rehman Makki, and more recently his son Talha Saeed, regularly led sermons. In response to the killing of 26 tourists in Pahalgam, India launched Operation Sindoor, which included strikes on nine terror bases in Pakistan and Pakistan-administered Kashmir. One of the key targets was Muridke.#BreakingNews | CNNNews18 accesses footage of destroyed prayer hall in Pakistan's Muridke, the LeT headquarters in Pakistan@siddhantvm shares more details @manojkumargupta | @JamwalNews18 | #IndiaPakistanWar #OperationSindoor pic.twitter.com/mykDymTxzuNews18 (@CNNnews18) June 2, 2025 Muridke Markaz was established in 1988 by Hafiz Saeed. The complex served as a training ground, indoctrination centre, and logistical base. It had links to Osama bin Laden and was implicated in major terror attacks, including the 26/11 Mumbai attack. The campus housed schools, mosques, medical facilities and residential quarters. "Terrorist bases, like Bahawalpur and Muridke are universities of global terrorism. The big terrorist attacks of the world, be it 9/11, be it London Tube bombings, or the big terrorist attacks which have happened in India in the last many decades - their roots are somehow connected to these terrorist hideouts," Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said in his address to the nation for the first time since Operation Sindoor. After India struck,  Pakistan's federal minister Rana Tanveer Hussain is said to have visited Muridke. According to Pakistani media reports, the Pakistani government has pledged to rebuild the area at its own expense. He also mocked India’s technology, saying, “India's pride-filled technology would soon be seen being sold at Bilal Ganj in Lahore" as quoted by India Today. "Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif and Army Chief General Asim Munir will personally finance the reconstruction of a mosque damaged in the operation," the federal minister said, as reported by Pakistani media. Sources told News18 that the campaign against terror is far from over. “This is not the end of their operations," a senior official said. “They are now relocating their activities with the full logistical and material support of the Pakistan Army." According to officials,  LeT and JeM are expected to exploit the destruction for financial gain. “They’ll tap into the sympathy network across Saudi Arabia, the Middle East, and other Muslim countries, collecting vast sums under the guise of Zakat and reconstruction aid," one source told News18. A recent event in Kasur on May 28 reportedy  saw several known jihadist leaders sharing the stage. Saifullah Kasuri, alias Khalid, a top Lashkar-e-Taiba commander and one of those behind the Pahalgam terror attack, was also spotted at a public rally in Kasur.
                               Discover the latest Business News, Budget 2025 News, Sensex, and Nifty updates. Obtain Personal Finance insights, tax queries, and expert opinions on Moneycontrol or download the Moneycontrol App to stay updated!
             Sensex Today Russia Ukraine war Covid cases in India India News Live Gukesh Assam Rains Spider Web attack Mohamed Soliman Shashi Tharoor Plus One Result 2025  Business Markets Stocks India News City News Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO News Startups  Home Currencies Commodities Pre-Market IPO Global Market Bonds  Home Loans up to 50 Lakhs Credit Cards Lifetime Free Finance TrackerNew Fixed Deposits Fixed Deposit Comparison Fixed Income  Home MC 30 Top Ranked Funds ETFs Mutual Fund Screener  Income Tax Calculator EMI Calculator Retirement Planning Gratuity Calculator  Stock Markets  News18 Firstpost CNBC TV18 News18 Hindi Cricketnext Overdrive Topper Learning  About Us Contact Us Advisory Alert Advertise with Us SupportDisclaimer Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Financial Terms (Glossary) Sitemap Investors  Copyright © Network18 Media & Investments Limited. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. You are already a Moneycontrol Pro user.