The road-mobile S-400 system 'Sudarshan Chakra' had played a crucial role in the recent military conflict between India and Pakistan India is set to receive two more squadrons of long-range, mobile surface-to-air missile (SAM) system S-400 from Russia by 2026. India currently has three squadrons of the Russian-made system, received under a $5.43 billion deal signed in 2018. The S-400 Triumf, developed by Russia’s Almaz Central Design Bureau, and billed as one of the most advanced air defense systems in the world, capable of engaging an array of threats, including aircraft, drones, cruise missiles, and ballistic missiles, reportedly played a major role in the recent military conflict between India and Pakistan. The road-mobile S-400 system includes powerful radars, multiple types of interceptor missiles, mobile launchers, and a command centre, and can be quickly employed and repositioned. This state-of-the-art air defence system can detect targets at distances up to 600 km and engage them at ranges up to 400 km. ALSO READ: How India-Pakistan hostilities played out at Shangri-La Dialogue Russian Deputy Ambassador Roman Babushkin, speaking about the delivery of the remaining air defence systems to India, said, "We heard that S-400 performed very efficiently during the situation between India and Pakistan." "We have a long history of collaboration. The air defence systems, according to what we are experiencing, the situation in Europe, here, this is one of the promising topics of our partnership in defence preparation in general. As far as my knowledge, the contract for the remaining S-400 units will be according to the schedule," news agency PTI quoted him as saying. We are open for promotion of this partnership for the discussion of the expansion of dialogue on air defence system, he said, adding, "I think it will be done in 2025, 2026." On Saturday, a New Indian Express quoted a source in the defence establishment as saying that the two squadrons of S-400 system would be delivered by February 2026 and August 2026, respectively. Join our WhatsApp Channel to get the latest news, exclusives and videos on WhatsApp  
Round two of Istanbul peace talks: Russia, Ukraine to continue ceasefire push, no resolution expected yet 
 
Father backs 'cocky young man' Magnus Carlsen after Gukesh defeat triggers 'arrogance' debate
 
4K remastered 'Umrao Jaan' to get a theatrical re-release; Rekha-starrer to be out on this date
 
More than ₹6100 crore worth of ₹2000 currency notes still in circulation: Here is how to exchange if you have any
 
WhatsApp not working on your phone from June 1? Here is why and how to fix it
 
EXCLUSIVE: First batch of women officers from NDA share their journeys, aspirations
 
Barzani Museum in Iraqi Kurdistan: Where silence speaks
 
Breast cancer: how physiology matters
 
Evolving luxury
 *Articles appearing as INFOCUS/THE WEEK FOCUS are marketing initiatives Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved